Earlier when we logged in, we simply talked about this route at the server IP, we have now edited
the SS HD underscore config file we restarted.
This is a service you will not be able to log in as root root logging has been disabled.
You need to log in as the non-routine user that you added to the server.
I called my user, Andrew.
So what we need to do is we need to log in as our non-unique user and then continue the hardening process.
I'm going to type clear this each route et followed by my servers IP address route's password.
Permission denied.
Please try again.
Please try again, control, see, to cancel that particular command, I'm unable to log in as the route
user.
I'll press my up error key, but instead of this route at my service IP address, I'll remove root and
type the non route user that I added to the server.
So in my case it is S.H. Andrew at my service IP.
I can type my user's password and I've logged into the server as the non route user I created earlier.
I'm going to type clear look at the prompt.
The user, Andrew at the hostname Ubuntu 20 zero for the told indicates I mean the user's home directory.
This time a dollar sign, not a hash sign dollar sign indicates Andrew is a non rugosa current working
directory slash slash.
And so I'm in the user andrews' home directory.
We need to continue hardening the server by implementing the following measures.
This is a key.
Authentication will replace password usage with a public private key authentication system.
When logging into your server, then we need to create what is called a config file.
Config file makes logging into a server using SSL key authentication a lot faster.
We need to look at server updates, server updates, deal with ensuring that all the packages on the
server are up to date.
One of the most important security steps is implementing a firewall policy that will close any unused
ports and services that are not being used.
Finally, we need to protect our server from brute force attacks.
Failed to ban is an intrusion prevention framework that will do that for us.